Update proxy entity and proxy check docs (#1827)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.14/reference/checks.md

{{< /language-toggle >}}

#### Proxy checks and scheduling

> A proxy check will only show results for proxy entities, never agent entities. The scheduler tries to pair up one or more entities with one or more agents. If the scheduler can't find a compatible match, it will stop doing anything for the check until the check is updated or a proxy or agent entity is created that satisfies the matching criteria.

Reviewer: I'm finding this passage confusing. Specifically,

> The scheduler tries to pair up one or more entities with one or more agents. If the scheduler can't find a compatible match, it will stop doing anything for the check until the check is updated or a proxy or agent entity is created that satisfies the matching criteria.

To me, the first sentence is saying there are certain agent entities that are more suitable than others for executing a given `proxy_requests` check. 

My understanding is that the scheduler needs to find entities whose attributes match the specified `entity_attributes` and then schedules one or more checks based on the matches. Those scheduled checks are published to one or more agent entities based on agent subscriptions and whether or not round_robin check scheduling is used. All this to say, in my mental model, the only criteria that makes an agent a match for a given proxy_requests check is the agent's subscriptions.

Author: Would something like this be more accurate?
A proxy check will only show results for proxy entities, never agent entities. The scheduler finds entities whose attributes match the [`entity_attributes`][10] specified in the proxy request, then schedules one or more checks based on the matches. The scheduled checks are published to one or more agent entities based on agent subscriptions and whether round robin check scheduling is being used.

Or maybe the original doesn't need to be changed at all?

Reviewer 2: @cwjohnston you are of course correct, and adding that context to the above statement would make a lot of sense.

The context of this explanation was me explaining to someone the M:N relationship between proxy entities and agent entities in checks that use `proxy_requests`.

> A proxy check will only show results for proxy entities, never agent entities. The scheduler tries to pair up one or more entities with one or more agents. If the scheduler can't find a compatible match, it will stop doing anything for the check until the check is updated or a proxy or agent entity is created that satisfies the matching criteria.

Author: ```suggestion
A proxy check will only show results for proxy entities, never agent entities. The scheduler finds entities whose attributes match the [`entity_attributes`][10] specified in the proxy request, then schedules one or more checks based on the matches. The scheduled checks are published to one or more agent entities based on agent subscriptions and whether round robin check scheduling is being used.
```

Author: @cwjohnston and @echlebek Does this suggestion accurately address the missing context?

With `proxy_requests` attributes, you can execute a check on behalf of multiple proxy entities, and use multiple agents in a round-robin to do so. Then, if you use the [splay configuration](#proxy-check-splay), you can ensure those executions are spread evenly across your scheduling interval

##### Fine-tune proxy check scheduling with `splay`{#proxy-check-splay}

> Sensu supports distributing proxy check executions eveny across an interval using the `splay` and `splay_coverage` attributes. For example, if you assume that the `proxy_check_proxy_requests` check in the example above matches three proxy entities, you'd expect to see a burst of three events every 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu supports distributing proxy check executions evenly across an interval using the `splay` and `splay_coverage` attributes. For example, if you assume that the `proxy_check_proxy_requests` check in the example above matches three proxy entities, you'd expect to see a burst of three events every 60 seconds.
```

|proxy_entity_name|   |
-------------|------

> description  | The entity name, used to create a [proxy entity][20] for an external resource (i.e., a network switch). `proxy_entity_name` binds the check to a proxy entity (or creates the proxy entity, if it doesn't already exist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | The entity name, used to create a [proxy entity][20] for an external resource (i.e., a network switch). `proxy_entity_name` binds the check to a proxy entity (first creating the proxy entity, if it doesn't already exist).
```

[15]: https://godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron#hdr-Predefined_schedules
[16]: https://assets.nagios.com/downloads/nagioscore/docs/nagioscore/3/en/flapping.html
[17]: #subdue-attributes
[20]: ../entities/#proxy-entities
[21]: ../entities/#spec-attributes
[22]: ../../reference/sensuctl/#time-windows

> [22]: ../../reference/sensuctl/#time-windows

Author: ```suggestion
```
